add coalesce to min start_date for date_spine in case stg_distribution_contact is empty (#6)
fivetran/dbt_qualtrics: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_qualtrics v0.1.1

[PR #6](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_qualtrics/pull/6) applies the following changes:

## Bug Fix

> - Ensures that date spine in `qualtrics__daily_breakdown` always has a non-null start date, even if you do not have the `distribution_contact` source table, whose `min(created_at)` we base the date spine off of. 

Reviewer: The wording of this just felt a bit off. I attempted to adjust it with the following suggestion. Let me know if you feel strongly towards keeping your original CHANGELOG entry format.

```suggestion
- Ensures the date spine in the `qualtrics__daily_breakdown` model always has a non-null start date, especially if you do not have the `distribution_contact` source table whose `min(created_at)` is used to generate the date spine. 
```
